Previously on Prison Break:
These are GPS
ankle monitors.
Now, step up, take one
and put it on.
When the
exchange is over,
you and I are gonna spend
some quality time.
These aren't release papers.
I did the best I could do.
You need to sign those so I can
collect Roland's device.
You want me to give up
the one thing
that makes me
valuable to the team.
Hey, you knew the deal
when you came on board.
Do you want to flush it
down the toilet
because you made
a bad move?
This man just came into
a $100,000 inheritance.
I don't recognize him.
If you do see him, would you
please give us a call?
You don't work
for the IRS?
I don't.
Who do you work for?
As of now... myself.
I'm an associate
of General Krantz.
The general, he
likes his privacy.
I knew you were rotten
from the beginning,
so I want you to
walk me through this
and if you can't, I'm gonna
call the authorities.
Cole Pfeiffer.
Who the hell are you?
The last time
a pretty little
filly like yourself
knocked me senseless
and tied me to a chair,
I had to pay for it.
You still might.
That book was a gift
from a very dear
friend of mine
who left this
realm all too soon.
The only thing that James
Whistler ever gave anybody
was the clap.
You have thirty seconds
to tell me something
that I don't already know.
I followed that book
from Panama City,
where James Whistler and
I were co-incarcerated,
to a bus locker
in San Diego.
Inside was information
pertaining to this apartment...
Scylla.
How about that?
That ring a bell, huh? Huh?
What do you
know about Scylla?
I know
I'm holding the keys,
because without me,
that bird book's
about as meaningful
as a fart in a wind storm.
I commandeered
Whistler's alias.
I infiltrated
his place of business
because it's the gateway
to the whole damn thing.
Where's the location?
What do you bring
to the jamboree, darling, huh?
Aside from those baby blues
and a knife?
This is me.
This is Scylla.
This is you.
I am gonna get Scylla.
And it can either
be with you...
or through you.
So why don't you give me
that informed
decision right now,
before I spill your hillbilly
guts all over the carpet?
'Cause you're messing
with the wrong bitch.
How may I be of service?
This is unbelievable.
We were planning our move
on Scuderi when
he chartered the flight.
Right, and no chance
you dragged your feet a little bit
waiting for Scuderi to
charter the flight?
Oh, yeah, we want
to drag this out.
Yeah, well, location's pretty convenient,
wouldn't you say, Linc?
Uh, Scuderi
splitting town
kind of caught us
a break, huh?
Would you shut
him up?
No, no.
We could just wait till he comes back.
AgriSow makes farm chemicals.
It's not Fort Knox.
You want to bet?
Their patents are
worth billions.
Which is why companies tend
to keep a very close eye
on those patents.
Yeah, we could breach
their security,
in a week, minimum.
We could get
in the guy's house--
week, minimum.
Or we could follow the guys
for twelve hours out of town
and have card five by midnight.
How's that sound?
How does this sound?
If you're not back by midnight
you're going to jail.
Yeah, don't I know it.
Let's talk outside.
So what's the plan?
We're going to Vegas.
Oh, hell yes!
Yo, I call shotgun!
Huh? Who's got-- Hey.
Yeah!
So what do you want
to talk about, Agent Self?
I've been a part
of hundreds
of operations
during my career--
and I'll tell you one thing.
I never been on the top of
someone else's hit list.
What are you
talking about?
What am I
If this Company hit man Wyatt
can find me once, it's
only a matter of time
until he creeps up in the back
of my rear view mirror again.
Well, that's not true.
'Cause you'll never see him coming at all
if he's coming after you.
That's comforting.
What do you think,
I want that?
You're dead, we're all back
in jail.
You were an agent
longer than me.
What's my play here?
Okay.
Let me get this straight.
You turn your back
on me and now
you want to know
my play? Really?!
That was your fault.
What would you
have done?
I've tracked down
rapists, killers,
even former military,
but a structural engineer from
Illinois was able to get to me.
Want to know how?
Yeah, I want to know.
He stopped running.
He got aggressive.
He took the game to me.
That's your play.
That's your only play.
I shouldn't have to remind you
that killing a federal agent
is a complicated matter,
even in our line of work.
Perhaps Mahone
is just
the tip of the iceberg.
We've been searching
for the link between
SuperMax and Burrows
and Scofield.
I believe we found it.
If Scofield and Burrows
are working with the government,
we've got a much
bigger problem
than one bureaucrat
at Homeland Security.
But it begins
with that bureaucrat.
And if Don Self
is the head of the snake...
Make it look like an accident.
My fee just doubled,
by the way.
Hello?
Uh, hi, is this Brad?
Yeah.
Uh, you came by my office
a couple of days ago
looking for a guy who had
an inheritance coming to him.
Right.
I know where he is.
She wants two grand first.
I'm meeting her at noon.
Okay, the next card's more
important, right?
So Vegas first, then
we deal with T-Bag.
Shut up!
I'll stay.
All right.
Linc, take, uh,
Sara and Sucre...
and Roland to Vegas.
The rest of us...
will handle T-Bag.
You heard the man, let's go.
Hey, um...
promise me something,
would you?
Yeah.
Can you get me
Carrot Top's autograph?
'Cause I just think
that would make this
whole thing worthwhile.
Be safe.
Ay, yo, Vegas, bitches!
He should have
the info by now.
Okay, what the hell's taking
Bellick so long?
Yes.
She wants more money.
How much more?
I don't know.
You got to come talk to this chick.
Hold on, hold on.
What's going on, Bellick?
Believe it.
Sorry, guys, I walked right into it, too.
Let's go. Go. Go!
Come on, now!
Come on, tie them up.
You have no idea who
you're working with, honey.
Why don't we skip the theatrics
and you just tell us
what you want.
I'd love to put a hole right
in your head.
Tie him up.
Him, too.
Let's all get in the van.
Let's all get in the van now.
You, too, Mahone.
Mahone!
I remember the day
we met, Pretty.
You were a scared
little college boy
sittin' up on
those bleachers,
tryin' to keep your ass
out of the game.
Now look at you.
Cold. Hard.
Like a dried up flower
wanting to get watered.
Just tell me what you want.
I want to make you bleed.
I want to release
the sinner inside of me
that got me incarcerated
so many years ago.
But it seems
you caught yourself
a break, Pretty.
I need you.
Now...
you gonna cooperate
right quick or so help me
I'm gonna stomp you
till you can't stand.
The pages... look at them.
-Looks like some kind of map, right?
-I don't know.
You know enough
to chase me down
looking for this.
Now don't lie to me, Pretty.
Whatever's in that book--
it is bigger than you and me.
What, like Scylla big?
This is not a game, Theodore.
Now, you need to tell
me who you've been talking to.
I don't need
to do a damn thing.
That's the benefit of being
the man with the gun.
Now...
You're going
to write down everything
you already know about Scylla,
and everything
you learn from that book...
or I'm going to paint
these walls
with your gray matter.
Get to work!
Hello.
All right.
I'll be right there.
Self.
Hey. Michael's position
hasn't changed since you called.
How do we know he...?
Bagwell's a psychopath,
but he's a psychopath
with a plan.
He obviously needs
something from Michael,
and as long as Michael
doesn't give it to him,
he'll keep breathing.
All right.
I'm coming with you.
No, no, no, no. I got it.
Stick to the plan.
Will you forget about Maricruz?
You think she didn't know
her sister was trying
to set you up, man?
You better get some ass
in Vegas, bro.
We're here
to copy the card.
Then we leave. Got it?
Have you heard from Michael?
No. Why?
Nothing.
I want this thing done.
Vegas ain't my town.
What a fool, huh?
How could anyone not
love this place, right?
Check this out.
Right there.
The Asian guy.
I know I've seen him
someplace before.
So what do you have for me?
So what's "GATE"?
Excuse me?
It's on that box.
Why do you want to know?
Just curious.
What if I was to tell you
I think you're just stalling?
Biding time till you can
figure out some MacGyver way
-to get your ass out of here, huh?
-I'd say you've got that gun
pointed at the one
person who can help you.
So why don't you
stop wasting my time?
Ow! Please, don't let him!
How 'bout her, huh?
How 'bout her, Michael?
Any reason why
I shouldn't kill her?
Let's do a test.
No!
How far gone
is Michael Scofield?
Michael, just tell him
what he wants!
Please don't hurt me.
How far gone
is Michael Scofield?!
Please,
don't let him. Please!
When did it happen, Michael?
When did you stop caring
about hurting people, huh?
Fox River? Sona?
You gonna keep dragging
your feet while I put a bullet
in her brain?
Why don't you put that gun down.
I'll put it down when you start
writing down, Pretty!
T-Bag come on man,
let her go.
Last chance. Three!
Two! One...
All right! All right!
The pages,
they fit together.
But it's not a map.
It's a blueprint.
For what?
Our friend, Bellick, is wearing
a government-issued
ankle monitor.
My guess is that
Scofield has one, too.
I knew that son of a bitch
was slow-walking me.
Any minute,
federal agents could come
blasting through
that door.
So what do we do?
I need you to get the make and
serial number of that monitor.
Feel free to pitch in here,
Miss Daisy.
If Scofield knows I'm involved,
this is over.
We need to keep him on point.
Now, get out there
and get that information.
What about the agents?
Let 'em come.
How do we even know
this guy's out gambling?
The guy's got $300,000
in credit and a comped room.
He's here.
Keep looking.
Hey, Sara.
Hey, uh, I realize this might
not be the best time for this,
but I still haven't heard
from Michael.
They must be
dealing with T-Bag.
Lincoln, come on.
What?
Vegas just isn't your town?
From everything
I've heard about you,
that would be a pretty big
change of pace.
I guess so.
Lincoln, please talk to me.
Has Michael told you
about Mom?
No.
They were much alike.
They got the same mind.
As Mom got older,
she started to lose it.
We, uh,
later found out
it was a symptom
of a brain tumor, hama...
Hamartoma.
Yeah.
As a kid,
she got nosebleeds.
They stopped.
In her thirties, they
started up again.
She-- She later died of
a brain aneurysm.
And you're telling me this,
because Michael and his mother
are similar in that way,
too, right?
He got nosebleeds
as a kid.
They stopped, and the
last couple of days
they started up again.
How old was your mom
when she passed away?
Thirty-one.
Michael's just
turned thirty one.
Yeah?
I found him.
Keep an eye on him.
Okay.
Andrew Blauner?
Uh, yeah.
Can I help you?
I hope so.
Any boyfriends or roommates
I should know about?
No.
Any deliveries
scheduled for today?
No.
I'm giving you one more...
What is all this?
You okay?
They told me
not to talk to you.
"They"? Who's they?
This is Whistler's blueprint.
It's the building
where we can find Scylla.
In other words,
it's GATE.
Where's Scylla?
I can't be certain until I see
the building itself,
but I'm pretty sure it's
somewhere down here, below this office.
What is Scylla?
It's The Company's
little black book.
I want you to take me
to GATE, now.
Because you can smell
that Scylla money, can't you?
That's what you're in
it for, just like me.
Say it.
Come on.
I want you to say it.
I'm in it for the money.
You see?
We ain't so
different after all.
Yes?
Don Self is not at his house.
Looks like he cleared out.
Notify our people
inside the Bureau and LAPD.
I doubt that he could have
gotten very far.
Sir?
Not now.
Don Self is here
to see you.
Got to warn you, friend,
she's cold.
Good luck, pal.
Stay with him.
Scofield's really
getting somewhere in there.
Man works fast.
Says he can't
get any further
without seeing my former place
of employment.
Did you take care
of our little troll problem?
Don't even think
about doing this to me.
My name's on the door.
If I didn't think
you were valuable,
you'd be dead already.
Grab a leg.
It's-It's just a little sensory
overload, guys.
There just wasn't any room
for the card.
Right. Because if we
turn the device on
in the casino, it fills up
on all the data from the slots.
Yeah.
Like when they're
about to pay out.
-Oh, it's completely unintentional.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-It's not why you built
the damn thing in the first place?
If we didn't need you...
But you do, so just take
a brewski and chill, all right?
Okay, we need to figure out
a way to get Scuderi alone.
Yeah.
The old man just showed up
at the pool.
From what he's wearing,
there's no way
he's got the card on him.
Stay with him.
Card's in his room.
Tell me, Donald,
how did you play this
moment out in your head?
Did you picture yourself
coming in here,
chest out,
jaw squared,
ready to demand answers?
Did you at any time
in your fantasy
imagine that you
would be this nervous?
Honestly, I, uh...
I didn't think much past
giving you these.
Berlin. Nigeria.
The Comrie Group.
Why not JFK
and the Lindbergh baby
while you're at it?
Son,
those matters
have been fully vetted.
They're relics.
I had nothing
to do with them, and if
this is why you've
been pulling data on me,
I could have saved you
a lot of trouble.
Okay. Well, these records
and a sealed letter
explaining my investigation
into your involvement
with these matters
was sent to five lawyers
across the country.
If anything
happens to me,
if I go missing, anything,
if I wind up dead,
that letter is
to be unsealed...
And they will find cold trails
that lead nowhere near me.
It doesn't matter.
If a government agent
who was looking into you
is found floating
in the L.A. River, or whatever
else you have planned,
your life, General,
will change dramatically.
There will be questions, media coverage
and surveillance,
and whatever you and the Company
are trying to do next
with your little Laos game,
or whatever else
you have planned,
it'll be next to impossible
with thousands of eyes on you.
Okay? So back off of me.
You are not
the first person
to attempt something
like this.
Most of the others I now fondly call
my colleagues.
They've learned to put
their determination and focus
to better use,
and with far greater
compensation.
Wrong guy.
We'll see.
"Dear Mr. White,
due to unforeseen circumstances,
"I regret to inform you
that I will no longer be able
"to perform services at GATE.
"I thank you
for this opportunity.
"I'm deeply sorry
"if this places you in
a difficult position.
"I have simply not been able
to escape these circumstances.
Thank you for the wonderful,
enriching opportunity..."
Blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
Does it sound like you?
Yeah.
Good.
Look,
I don't even know
who you are, okay?
Just let me go...
Shut up.
And you wondered
how I got to be the top salesman
in the northeast region.
Sorry, okay?
Sorry.
Consider this a warning.
Old Teddy Bagwell
may be Coosa County trash,
but Cole Pfeiffer's a man
of refinement.
One of the Gate Corporation's
tippy-top sellers,
as a matter of fact.
Step into my office.
Well, there should be a room,
eight by ten.
Whistler's point of entry.
That's a closet.
No, it's not.
Hi. Tonic and lime, please.
Thank you.
I'm in the middle
of this nightmare.
I wonder if you
could help me.
Uh...
It's my twenty two year old
cousin's bachelorette party.
That's hardly
the salt mines.
Oh, wait for it.
There's a scavenger hunt,
and my team has tasked me
with getting a photograph
in a whale's suite.
I'm a whale?
With a very
scary bodyguard
and a very gorgeous watch.
And you want to take
a picture in my room?
And I realize it's a completely
inappropriate request,
but they're already
calling me a wet blanket.
I'm sorry.
I just can't help you.
What if I said "please"?
I'm actually
a little desperate.
Best of luck.
Drinks are on
the gentleman.
Have a nice day.
You, too.
Don't take it personally.
You're not his type.
Right before
you sat down,
he asked me if
I liked to party.
Absolutely not!
No way!
Bro, come on.
Take one for the team.
Maricruz will never know.
I'm gonna snap his neck.
Get to his room, stay two
minutes, then leave, all right?
Yeah, yeah, and in the meantime,
what? In the elevator?
Just play hard to get, you know,
and then let him nuzzle
a little bit.
Hey, whoa!
What option we got?
Come on, man.
Give me one.
You can't. Here.
Go ahead.
There's nothing back there.
I know.
Do we have anything sharp?
So, what are you hearing, uh,
Scylla is worth, huh?
Me, I'm hearing millions.
Is that a rough ballpark
in terms of what you, uh...
what you've been told?
What do we have here?
You'd better back up.
You and me and
a dark hole.
Just like old
times, Pretty.
You first.
How are the chips
falling for you?
Spent my last buck
on the beer.
What are the options when
you're broke in Vegas?
I guess I got
to work that out, huh?
What if you
didn't have to?
I may have a
little business
to throw your way.
What kind?
The easy kind...
with a $1,000 payout.
What's your cognac?
I've never had it.
I've got a 200-year-old
bottle in my suite.
Join me.
This is
private business.
Between men.
They're on their way up.
Get ready.
I love it.
Mr. Macho Man.
Well, well, well.
What's next?
I don't know, why
don't you figure it out?
I'm done helping you.
Sounds like someone's caught
in the old captivity
of negativity.
Let's get you in a more
affirmative mindset.
What's next?
I think I'm gonna lock
you in this room.
And then, you're
gonna be arrested
and taken back to Fox River.
Just how do you plan on...
Stop, y'all have no idea
what you're doing.
Scofield, you can't
do this without me.
Self's on his way.
Mark my words!
Got your message.
Y'all have no idea
what you're doing!
Thanks, Alex.
Great city.
I guess so.
That's the thing
about Vegas.
Doesn't judge you.
Any form of pleasure
is acceptable here.
Ahhh.
Am I crazy, or is there
a note of plum in there?
M-maybe.
Have a seat.
Did you serve?
Serve who?
In the military.
You look like a Devil Dog.
No, sir, I've never been
in the service before.
Filling up nice.
Sucre must be
in close proximity.
Getting oiled, most likely.
One and half
tours in Vietnam.
Purple Heart
in a friendly fire
exchange near Hue.
Sorry to hear it.
What I learned at Hue,
though valuable...
also cost me
a great deal.
Specifically...
three square inches of
upper groin thigh meat.
And with that...
my reproductive
and sexual function.
So... so you can't...
Mr. Villalobos, I'd like
you to meet my wife.
I'm Alexa.
You want me to
bang your wife?
And I'm gonna
pay you $1,000.
He's got a minute.
Then I'm going after him.
Did it copy the card?
Yep.
All right, download that.
You got five minutes.
Well?
His wife was up there.
And...?
It stays in Vegas.
Uh, hey, guys.
I'm gonna go hit the head,
and I'll be out
in a minute, all right?
Yes!
Two... two... two pulls.
All right.
Two spins.
Come on.
There he is.
Two pulls, and he won
the progressive.
Where the hell is he?
I'll go get him.
Mr. Glenn.
We got a problem.
It was made clear
you were never again welcome
in any Nevada
gaming establishment.
Wait, wait, uh, I was told
there was only a five-year...
No such thing
was said to you.
What's that do?
It's a battery pack
for a video game console.
You'll need
to buy a new one.
I already downloaded the
card onto my laptop,
and... and I can build
another device.
You said this one
takes months.
We don't have months.
You know what?
We ought to leave your ass
in the desert.
Let's get him back to L.A.,
and let Self sort him out.
Let's go.
For a little guy, he
has some set of lungs.
-How's Bellick and the girl?
-All taken care of.
I'm gonna keep T-Bag
in protective custody
until we get Scylla-- then,
I'm gonna make somebody
at Illinois's DOC
very, very happy.
But more importantly,
what the hell is that
room downstairs?
That's not where they keep
the device
that decodes Scylla, is it?
No.
That's just what
T-Bag thought.
The road to Scylla
only begins down there.
This is the room
where we've got T-Bag now.
Just past the
south wall,
there's an access
tunnel that runs
for about 300
yards or so.
We get through that,
we're in.
That's where we
can decode Scylla.
And this is the building where
General Krantz's office is.
- There you go.
- I was there today, but I have to tell you,
the security in that place
is unbelievable.
And according to the blueprints,
the substructure is completely exposed.
It shouldn't take more than twenty four
hours to get in there.
It's only gonna
take twenty four hours?
All we have to do
is get that last card first.
Well, based on what
I've deciphered so far,
we're gonna need
around-the-clock access to GATE,
starting immediately.
If you can get us
some suits and IDs,
we could go in there
as IRS agents
auditing the books--
I mean, considering
the kind of racket
they're running,
nobody would have a problem
believing that.
Can you make that happen?
Yeah, I could do it.
It's under the can.
Hello?
We have a lot in common.
Yeah, who is this?
Just another interested
party in what you're up to.
Yeah, what's that?
Scylla.
Open the envelope.
The pages I've got
only go up to seventy seven.
Is this more blueprint?
I don't know.
What do you want?
I don't know what you've done
with Bagwell,
but unless I see him,
you're not getting
the rest of the pages.
Is that right?
Give me that.
Who is this?
Hello, Michael.
Captioned by Point.360